Meteor 3 - Warn about using Meteor[.call/.apply] with async methods (#13201)
meteor/meteor: v3-docs/docs/api/meteor.md

even if the method's writes are not available yet, you can specify an
`onResultReceived` callback to [`Meteor.apply`](#Meteor-apply).

::: warning

> Use `Meteor.call` only to invoke sync method. If you want to call invoke async methods, use `Meteor.callAsync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Meteor.call` only to call methods that do not have a stub, or have a sync stub. If you want to call methods with an async stub, `Meteor.callAsync` can be used with any method.
```

passed as an array rather than directly as arguments, and you can specify
options about how the client executes the method.

> ::: warning
> Use `Meteor.apply` only to invoke sync method. If you want to call invoke async methods, use `Meteor.applyAsync`.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
Use `Meteor.apply` only to call methods that do not have a stub, or have a sync stub. If you want to call methods with an async stub, `Meteor.applyAsync` can be used with any method.
:::
```
